hello everyone I wanted to do this video
to touch on a particular subject that
has come up in the alternative news and
I saw a video and I thought that I would
be fully transparent with you right away
and this would clear up any issues in
the future here so every single day I
receive tons of emails and that is a
really an understatement and I get
emails from different people all over
the world but I also get sort of the
different types of emails one being from
a network so what they try to do is get
you to partner in with them and you
would share the revenue from your
YouTube and I basically I just
immediately delete those I don't reply
to them and there are other people that
try to get me onto their YouTube channel
to do interviews most of the time I say
no and the reason I do this is because I
would rather do videos on my own channel
that basically takes up the time so
instead of doing one YouTube video I
would have to do the interview but of
course you probably have seen me in
other interviews that I do want to do
interviews with select people and you
know will see those come out in the
future but it's good for business if I
were to do more interviews but
ultimately I prefer not to I'd rather do
this channel that's what I really love
to do so I wanted to let you know that
as well and also I get offers I get a
lot of offers ok I just rejected today a
offer to just for full disclosure it was
several hundred dollars basically in a
printed currency and they would if I did
a video on my channel they would offer
me several hundred dollars worth of this
cryptocurrency and all I have to do is
simply do a video about it
that's all this cryptocurrency might be
actually be a very good cryptocurrency I
don't know enough about it I don't
understand the whole cryptocurrency
world I don't know how the coding works
so I just report on it that's what I do
when you see cryptocurrency videos from
I'm just reporting the news I'm not
telling you to buy it I don't care what
you do with it I'm simply just reporting
the information I don't not a programmer
I don't know the details of them I don't
know how to search through the
blockchain and everything else I just
know the basics okay so when I'm offered
a cryptocurrency that could be
beneficial to me maybe it's a great one
I don't know so I haven't recommended it
to you and that's why I'm not
recommending them unless I know the
details if somehow I was explaining
details beyond the frequently asked
questions on their website and I could
really explain it then maybe maybe I
would do a promotional thing but so far
I haven't been able to do that I've
rejected them just I think it was last
week I had another offer on one of these
cryptocurrencies
they're saying you know they're doing an
ICO and they want to be able to promote
it so we'll offer you this amount if you
do a video based on it but I don't know
enough about it
and you know that's great that I can get
paid especially at this time as you know
but I am NOT going to do that I'm not
going to lose the trust of my
subscribers now look at what I did with
the safe you know with the safe strong
think about this I contacted them
directly because I knew that they were a
good company they've been well respected
and these filters basically for those
who had seen the video they're basically
a drinking filter or you could put that
into the water and it would be able to
filter it wherever you were
if you're camping if you're out there
somewhere in the world and you don't
have clean water so I contacted that
company and asked to do a review of that
product and that's how that worked and I
was very transparent about that but if
they came to me and didn't know who they
were you know I wouldn't necessarily
want to do this product review it's a
product that I looked up I knew about my
own
and I went out to basically contact them
and said hey if you send me one I'll do
a review about it I never said I would
do a positive review I never said I
would make it look nice and pretty I
said I'm going to review your product
and that's me just being fully
transparent so I've done that I did that
with the safe sleeve Casey
anti-radiation case I did that as well
but if you're going to make me an offer
for your product I need to know about
your product beyond just frequently
asked questions
I'm not going to necessarily recommend
it and there are people out there I know
trust me I know that are being offered a
lot of money for doing cryptocurrency
videos they may not even be promotional
videos it may be interviews with the
CEOs and everything like this or it
might just be with you know doing a
video about it and just mentioning it
just getting it out there is marketing
because they know thousands of people
will watch this video so surely that's a
great way to get people in and I'm not
opposed to promoting something that is
great but if I don't know it you're not
gonna see it here on this channel I just
turned down a lot of money and that's
something that I wanted you to know
because on this channel if I get
something it's going to be good and
you've seen that the anti-radiation case
you've seen the drinking straw if I can
get anything else that he sort of
filtration any sort of preparation type
device I'd be happy to show you it I
mean I know that if Tresor is supposed
to be sending me a one of those hardware
wallet keys for the crypto currencies
I'll do a review about that I would love
to and they suggest that that they were
going to send me one so we'll see if
that happens regardless that is a type
of thing that I think would be
beneficial but I already done my
research about it I already know about
it and then I can do my own unbiased
review based on it I'm not just going to
just just report on it just because
somebody asked me to do it I feel that's
very distant
so that's all that's my opinion I don't
judge anybody for doing anything that's
what I wanted to also let you somebody
wants to do that by all means I don't
judge anyone this is your own
environment you could do whatever you
want and that's the way I've seen it so
I'll leave it there just I want imagine
you know there's a lot of offers coming
my way and I'm not going to accept any
of them that I don't believe in it
because to me I have at the time of this
video there's about 63 64 thousand
subscribers and each and every one is
important I don't want to lose the faith
or the trust or any of these of any of
you and I might be you know talking to
the microphone here but I realized that
there's a real person watching this
video and to me that's very important so
that's all I hope that you enjoyed it I
hope you found that somewhat informative
to have some behind the scenes
transparent views of the money GPS take
care